                                                                <=> 151.101.129.140                                                     3.00MB  6.84Mb  2.40Mb   614Kb
 *                                                                <=> 151.101.65.140                                                      2.79MB  61.4Kb  2.23Mb   571Kb
 *                                                                <=> 151.101.193.140                                                     1.39MB  3.44Mb  1.11Mb   284Kb
 *                                                                <=> 151.101.1.140                                                       53.0KB  17.7Kb  42.4Kb  10.6Kb
 *                                                    
eric.us-east1-b.c.feisty-dolphin-326219.internal                       => cpe-67-244-140-17.rochester.res.rr.com                                   208b    822b   7.53Kb
                                                                       <=                                                                          504b   2.00Kb  7.00Kb
eric.us-east1-b.c.feisty-dolphin-326219.internal                       => 198.98.53.184                                                            820b    164b     63b  
                                                                       <=                                                                         1.05Kb   214b     82b  
eric.us-east1-b.c.feisty-dolphin-326219.internal                       => metadata.google.internal                                                 620b    124b    391b
                                                                       <=                                                                         1.07Kb   218b    700b  
eric.us-east1-b.c.feisty-dolphin-326219.internal                       => 151.101.129.140                                                            0b    256b    315b
                                                                       <=                                                                            0b      0b      0b  
eric.us-east1-b.c.feisty-dolphin-326219.internal                       => 151.101.193.140                                                            0b    256b    315b
                                                                       <=                                                                            0b      0b      0b
eric.us-east1-b.c.feisty-dolphin-326219.internal                       => 151.101.1.140                                                              0b    205b    394b
                                                                       <=                                                                            0b      0b      0b  
eric.us-east1-b.c.feisty-dolphin-326219.internal                       => 151.101.65.140                                                           192b    166b    438b  
                                                                       <=                                                                            0b      0b      0b  
eric.us-east1-b.c.feisty-dolphin-326219.internal                       => 17.36.196.139                                                              0b      0b    878b
                                                                       <=                                                                            0b      0b   3.24Kb
eric.us-east1-b.c.feisty-dolphin-326219.internal                       => resolver1.opendns.com                                                      0b      0b    267b
                                                                       <=                                                                            0b      0b    535b
eric.us-east
eric.us-east1-b.c.feisty-dolphin-326219.internal                       => dns.opendns.com                                                          488b   1.38Kb  2.61Kb 
                                                                       <=                                                                          884b   2.85Kb  4.40Kb
eric.us-east1-b.c.feisty-dolphin-326219.internal                       => 151.101.193.140                                                         2.75Kb   922b    832b  
                                                                       <=                                                                            0b      0b      0b  
eric.us-east1-b.c.feisty-dolphin-326219.internal                       => 151.101.65.140                                                          2.50Kb   819b    832b  
                                                                       <=                                                                            0b      0b      0b  
eric.us-east1-b.c.feisty-dolphin-326219.internal                       => 151.101.129.140                                                         2.50Kb   819b    806b
                                                                       <=                                                                            0b      0b      0b
eric.us-east1-b.c.feisty-dolphin-326219.internal                       => 151.101.1.140                                                           2.25Kb   768b    794b
                                                                       <=                                                                            0b      0b      0b
eric.us-east1-b.c.feisty-dolphin-326219.internal                       => 17.36.196.168                                                              0b     64b    764b
                                                                       <=                                                                            0b    134b   2.28Kb
eric.us-east1-b.c.feisty-dolphin-326219.internal                       => vu-in-f113.1e100.net                                                       0b     32b    500b
                                                                       <=                                                                            0b     48b   1.70Kb
eric.us-east1-b.c.feisty-dolphin-326219.internal                       => 146.60.190.35.bc.googleusercontent.com                                     0b      0b    448b
                                                                       <=                                                                            0b      0b   1.54Kb
eric.us-east1-b.c.feisty-dolphin-326219.internal                       => 17.36.196.4                                                                0b      0b    257b
                                                                       <=                                                                            0b      0b   1.59Kb
eric.us-east1-b.c.feisty-dolphin-326219.internal                       => ec2-54-236-229-12.compute-1.amazonaws.com                                  0b      0b    440b
                                                                       <=                                                                            0b      0b   1.39Kb
eric.us-east1-b.c.feisty-dolphin-326219.internal                       => metadata.google.internal                                                   0b      0b    331b
                                                                       <=                                                                            0b      0b   1.00Kb
eric.us-east1-b.c.feisty-dolphin-326219.internal                       => 192.184.68.135                                                             0b      0b    363b
                                                   
